Add Kazam2 and tag LibreOffice and Inkscape as GTK3 (#236)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

### Screen Recorders

> - [Kazam2](https://github.com/henrywoo/kazam) - Linux Screen Recorder, Broadcaster, Capture and OCR with AI `#python` `#gtk3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Kazam2](https://github.com/henrywoo/kazam) - Versatile tool for screen recording, broadcasting, capturing and optical character recognition `#python` `#gtk3`.
```

#### Simple Editors and Light IDEs

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
